Good morning.
Today's scripture lesson is taken from Genesis chapter 11 verses 4 through 9.
If you care to follow along, it could be found on page 10 of your Brown Bible.
This is the passage about the tower of Babel.
Hear the word of God.
Then they said, come.
Let us build ourselves a city with a tower that reaches the heavens so that we may make a name for ourselves and not be scattered over the face of the whole earth.
But the Lord came down to see the city and the tower that the men were building.
The Lord said, if as one people speaking the same language, they have begun to do this
that nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them.
Come, let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other.
So the Lord scattered them from there over all the earth and they stopped building the city.
That is why it is called Babel because the Lord confused the language of the whole world.
From there, the Lord scattered them over the face of the whole earth.
Here in today's lesson, may God have his blessings to the reading of the sword.
I think I shared last Sunday that on a personal level, I've been going through quite a bit of stress.
My 95-year-old father-in-law has been to the ER three times in the last couple of weeks.
And he's now at home in his home in Elk Grove under hospice care.
And unfortunately, my wife also suffered a stress fracture in her right foot at about the same time.
So it's been in a cast the last several weeks.
She cannot drive for another three or four weeks.
And plus, I've been sick three times in the last couple of months.
So all of this has been piling up and been quite stressful.
And then this past week, there was an urgent need that came up.
I can't give you all the details right now.
But trust me when I say that this person
who was connected with the church a while ago, was going through a life and death situation, and so some of us got involved, and that was just very, very stressful this past week.
All that to say that this sermon for today, this outline that was delayed from last week because I was sick last week, and I got a guest speaker last minute.
I was going to give it this morning.
I'm sorry, I'm not going to give this sermon this morning.
But I really do hope and pray that I'll be able to give it next Sunday.
So if you're really eager to hear me speak about the Tower of Babel, come back next week.
It'll be Communion Sunday, so it'll be a little shorter.
But everything is such a whirlwind that it was just actually this morning that I felt compelled to put together a different message.
And I just, you know, things were just crazy.
So I'm really sorry, Michael.
I just failed to
change the Scripture reading.
So the Scripture reading will be very relevant for next Sunday.
The sermon that I am going to give this morning, though, is the bulletin insert.
I appreciate Stan and others who helped to do the last minute switch.
It's, am I really free?
And this will actually be the start of a little mini series because the whole concept of freedom is one that is so important to all of us, really.
We're not just talking about political freedom, the kind of freedom that we enjoy here in the United States that we often take for granted that millions around the world greatly envy us that we, again, we just take it for granted, especially those of us who are born and raised here and have not really had to pay some of the cost involved in order for our nation to experience the kind of freedom that we have.
But there's all different kinds of freedom.
And certainly, sometimes we think about financial freedom.
And I'm not going to ask for a show of hands on how many of us actually mail in the publisher's clearing house sweepstakes every year.
But I'll raise my hand.
I send that thing in.
And some people say, yeah, but the cost of the stamp, isn't that a form of gambling then?
Because it does cost you something.
And especially if you've ever done it, you know that it's not just one mailing a year.
They keep mailing you these things.
So to stay eligible, you need to go.
So there's about three or four or five steps.
But hey, I'll go ahead and play along.
I do it.
And this year, I think the big grand prize would be $5,000 a week for the rest of your life.
Wow.
So do the math.
What's that?
$5,000 a week.
So that's about $250,000 a year after taxes.
You're still looking at about 150,000.
a year for the rest of your life, it's like, wow, think about the financial freedom that would bring.
You wouldn't have to worry about work, you wouldn't have to worry about your income later, especially for retirement.
But, excuse me.
You know, again, there's different kinds of freedom, right?
I mean, the financial freedom is one thing, and certainly once in a while we're here in the news, just a very, just a blessed story of
It's kind of a mixed blessing, I guess, but when somebody who's been serving time in prison for a crime they did not commit, and it's later proven that they're innocent, and they're released.
And so after maybe years and years of being in prison, again, we have a great justice system, but no human system's perfect.
But when you hear a story like that, you think, wow, this person is experiencing freedom from prison, from a crime they did not commit.
And I think, wow, what kind of joy would that person have to have that kind of freedom again being freed from prison?
Freedom from daily work, as many of you know, we're in the process of seeking my replacement.
I will be 64 years old this coming summer.
And so, you know, I'm looking at retirement or some form of retirement in the coming years.
And some of you have been retired for years.
And certainly there's a certain amount of freedom
from daily work that many of us would look forward to.
But that sort of tied in with the whole concept of financial freedom.
But here in the US, again, we enjoy so many different kinds of freedom.
We have an amazing average amount of disposable income and disposable time as Americans.
And yet, there are the statistics for the amount of mental illness, the amount of depression,
the amount of stress that Americans seem to face, they seem to be almost like contradictory.
How do you have all this freedom and yet experience all of these negative things in life?
Well, you know, that's why, as I said earlier, Jesus talks a lot about freedom, but it's not so much external freedom as it really is internal.
That the whole concept of freedom really begins with what's going on in the inside
not just our circumstances around us on the outside.
So I'd like to talk a little bit, you know, how can we experience freedom from things like worry, anxiety, things like fear or anger or other addictive behaviors?
And so again, Jesus has a lot to say about it and that's what I'd like to talk about this morning and in the coming weeks.
Not next Sunday though, next Sunday I really hope to come back to that
outline that was in your bulletins last Sunday that was replaced quickly this today, but it's about what happened at the Tower of Babel in the Old Testament in Genesis chapter 11.
Let's go ahead and just begin with the word of prayer, and we'll look at this outline for today.
Am I really free?
Okay.
Let's pray.
Our Father God, thanks again that through all the circumstances of life, whether we consider them to be
some of the rougher periods of our lives with stress and other trials and tribulations we may be facing.
Father God, that you have intervened in our existence that you have sent your son Jesus Christ to offer us a whole new life, a life that is not necessarily free of external stress and trials, but a life that really deals with freedom
as you intended to be experienced, which is all internal, which is all really about our relationship with you.
And so, Father, I pray that You'll help us to be open to Your Word and to Your Spirit.
We ask You all in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Hopefully, I've sent her right with the fill in the blanks as we go along.
Excuse me.
The first blank to fill in.
Ultimate freedom begins with a faith relationship with Jesus Christ.
Okay, so that's the blank to fill in for number one.
Is that what you have in your sermon outline?
I hope it is.
Okay, thanks.
All right, cap it away.
Jesus said God's truth will set us free.
And in John chapter eight, verse 32, Jesus said, you will know the truth and the truth shall set you free.
Now I'm sure all of us have heard the little, kind of a cute little saying that says, all truth is God's truth.
Well, if you've been around the last 10 years, you know, I've said a number of times, that's not necessarily true.
Okay?
Not all truth is God's truth.
God's truth is found in his word and through the person of Jesus Christ.
That's God's truth.
And that's the truth that Jesus is talking about.
He's not talking about factual truth that we consider to be true.
We say two plus two is four.
Is that true?
Well, sure, by our human mathematical standards.
Is it true that you could take five little biscuits and two little fish and feed thousands of hungry people with it?
Is that true?
Humanly speaking, absolutely not.
That is absurd.
That is ridiculous.
You can't feed thousands of hungry people with five little biscuits and two fish unless, of course, Jesus does it, which he did in the feeding of the 5,000, that miracle that I preached on before.
That's God's truth.
Why?
Because it says so in his word and because Jesus Christ himself is the embodiment of God's truth.
And that all truth is God's truth.
God's truth is found in his word and through the person of Christ.
But that truth will set us free.
And again, Jesus was talking to an audience, the Jewish people at the time were under the dominion of the Roman Empire.
And so when the Jewish people were hearing Jesus preach about freedom, you know what kind of freedom they were thinking about this on the forefront of their minds and their hearts.
They wanted political freedom.
They wanted freedom from being dominated by the Roman Empire.
And certainly that's understandable.
If you're living in different parts of the world today,
that's under the dominion of a dictator or some regime or whatever.
No one could blame you for wanting some kind of freedom, the kind of freedom we enjoy here in the United States.
But the kind of freedom that Jesus was talking about to these people was not ultimately about political freedom or national freedom.
He's talking about a freedom that begins from the inside, from the heart, from the soul.
And that freedom can only be experienced through a faith relationship with Jesus Christ.
Capital A, God said, Jesus said God's truth will set us free.
God's truth will set us free.
Capital B, Jesus himself, is the embodiment of God's truth.
John 1 14, John 14 six, we're not gonna turn to those references, but to there in your notes.
John 1 14 was talking about when Jesus, Jesus existing for all eternity past God, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit,
They didn't have a beginning.
They existed forever.
Okay, that's their eternal.
That's God.
Father, Son and Holy Spirit, one God, three persons.
However, the second person of the Trinity, Jesus Christ, there was a point where he changed in his nature from being only spirit to being the God-man.
Meaning that's why he was born of the Virgin.
He entered the human race and he was sent by the Father
to become the Lamb of God.
He would become the ultimate sacrifice for the sins of the world.
When Jesus became human, became the God-man in John 1 14, it says he became flesh and dwelt among us and we beheld his glory, glory as of the only begotten from the Father, full of grace and truth, talking about who Jesus is, full of grace and truth.
And then later,
In John, chapter 14, verse six, Jesus said himself, I am the way, the truth, and the life.
No one comes to the Father, but by me.
And so he's talking about how he is the embodiment of God's truth.
Jesus Christ, full of grace, full of truth, he is the way, the truth, and the life.
Roman, remember, tune your outline?
A faith relationship with Jesus involves embracing the gospel.
That's the blank for Roman numeral number two.
The gospel.
What does the word gospel mean?
It simply means good news.
So the gospel of a big clearance sale would be the good news of a big clearance sale.
So really when we're talking about the gospel in the Christian faith, we're talking about the gospel of Jesus Christ.
the good news of Jesus Christ.
Why is it good news?
Well, the only passage we're really gonna spend some time looking at in depth is 1 Corinthians 15 verses one to five.
I think in your notes, you have the whole passage there, right?
1 Corinthians 15, one to five, and we'll bring it up on PowerPoint here in just a second, there it is.
Okay, now, we're gonna do a little Bible study together, and some of you have gone through this with me before, but hopefully,
You know, it'll be helpful for all of us because if someone were to ask us just randomly, you know, you're a Christian, you got a church, whatever, what do I have to believe to become a Christian?
Really?
What do I have to believe to become a Christian?
You say, well, you have to believe in Jesus Christ.
What does that mean?
I have to believe in Jesus Christ.
What is it about Jesus I have to believe?
Well, this passage, the Apostle Paul gives one of the clearest explanations of what is the gospel in the entire New Testament.
Right here, 1 Corinthians 15 verses one to five.
Here's what the apostle Paul says.
Now brothers, I want to remind you of the gospel I preached to you which you received and on which you have taken your stand that kind of lays it up.
This is the gospel.
Verse two, by this gospel, you are saved.
If you hold firmly to the word I preached to you, otherwise you would believe in vain.
This is a pretty serious stuff.
This is talking about salvation.
This is talking about our eternal destiny.
If we believe in Jesus, what exactly?
And that's exactly what he's gonna give us in verses three to five.
Verse three, for what I received, I passed on to you as of first importance, that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures, verse four, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to the scriptures, verse five,
and that he appeared to Peter and then to the 12.
Now, if you look at verses three, four, and five, just look at him in your notes or look at the PowerPoint, but actually, no, I prefer you look at the notes because I'd like you to actually circle some things in your notes.
You have something to write with.
Verses three, four, and five, you can count four things that says about Jesus.
Four things, verbal actions, okay?
Let's start in verse three.
What's the first thing he did?
He died for our sins.
Okay, good.
So you circled died.
Just died for our sins.
That's number one.
Verse four, he was buried.
That's another thing that, you know, happened to Jesus, right?
He was buried.
So you can circle buried.
And then he was raised on the third day.
So circle raised.
He died, buried, raised, verse five.
He appeared.
Okay, so you circle appeared.
He died, buried, raised, appeared.
Four things.
And so initially, when you look at that and you read it, you say, okay, well, apparently you got to believe four things about Jesus.
Actually, there's one preliminary thing about Jesus that's not spelled out in verses one and two, but the understanding was when the Apostle Paul was talking to his audience about Jesus Christ,
They all understood.
He's talking about not just Jesus Christ, the man, Jesus Christ, the rabbi, Jesus Christ, the teacher.
He's talking about Jesus Christ, the son of God.
Jesus Christ is the Messiah.
He's the son of God.
That's the first underlying thing we got to believe about Jesus.
If you don't believe Jesus is the son of God, then there's no point in going on in the gospel.
You got to believe he's the son of God.
So that's the first thing.
Jesus is a son of God.
Then you think, well, apparently there's, he's a son of God, then there's four of the things.
He died for our sins, he was buried, he was raised on the third day, he appeared.
However, look at those last four things from verses three to five.
There's only two of them that have that little phrase according to the scriptures to kind of highlight it.
Which two things are they?
He died for our sins according to the scriptures and he was raised
according to the Scriptures on the third day.
So, when you look at this, the gospel is not so much four main truths about Jesus.
He's the Son of God.
He died for our sins.
He was raised on the third day.
Those are the three things that we really need to put our faith and trust that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
He died from our sin.
Our sin, sins of the world, he was raised from the dead on the third day.
Those are the three essential truths about Jesus that make up the gospel and how the question course comes up.
What about the other two things?
He was buried.
He appeared.
Why does God include those in these verses?
Well, because if you think about it, how do you know somebody's really dead when they're buried?
The burial is evidence of a genuine death because there have been all kinds of theories and explanations about Jesus dying on the cross and why he came back from the dead.
He says, oh, he wasn't really dead.
He swooned.
I mean, he was unconscious, whatever, but he wasn't really, no, no, no.
The Romans who did a lot of crucifixion, thousands and thousands of crucifixions, they knew when somebody was really dead.
They wouldn't put somebody who was just unconscious into the tomb.
Okay, so he's really dead.
He's buried.
The burial is evidence of his death.
He was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures.
He was raised from the dead.
And what is evidence of somebody being raised from the dead?
He appears to people.
Not only to the 12 disciples, but in the next verse that we didn't look at, verse six, appeared to a lot more people.
The evidence that somebody raised from the dead is they appear.
They make appearance, not just some illusion, not just in somebody's dream, but physically appeared to a lot of eyewitnesses.
Actually, there's been a lot written and spoken about the resurrection of Christ.
But I'll just give you one simple line of evidence that many have used in the past.
The whole idea of the early church, the early believers, some of who were eyewitnesses of this whole thing, whatever, the whole idea that they would die be willing to be martyred for something they knew wasn't true.
Like if Jesus wasn't really dead and didn't really was raised from the dead, the resurrection, it's like
Do you really think you would die for that?
I mean, if you knew it, the whole thing was just kind of a hoax where somebody just set it up, somebody came up with a nice story, whatever.
You know, if you're gonna just believe something for your own beliefs, that's one thing.
You're gonna die for it?
You better really believe it.
And so there were hundreds, thousands of people in the early church who were willing to die because it was real.
Jesus really died for our sin.
He was really raised from the dead.
So what is the gospel?
According to the Apostle Paul at 1 Corinthians 15, we've got to believe Jesus is the Son of God.
He died for our sin.
He rose from the dead.
It really is that simple.
Now, again, some of you have been around for a long time and say, wow, you know, really?
We really need to hear the gospel explain to us again.
Well, no matter how long we've been Christians, no matter how long we've been in church, no matter how many times we've heard these lessons,
If tomorrow you're at work, or at school, in your neighborhood, and somebody says, and bought just out of the blue, or to somebody you know as a friend, whatever, and they say, what do I have to believe to become a Christian?
I hope it becomes really crystal clear in our hearts and our minds from a passage like 1 Corinthians 15.
What does a person have to believe to become a Christian?
We've got to believe that Jesus is the Son of God.
We've got to believe He died for our sin, and we've got to believe He was raised from the dead.
And that's all we have to trust to become a Christian.
To have the forgiveness of all of our sin and know we're going to heaven and the being with God forever.
That's really how simple it is.
The last thing in your outline, on your notes, this is just kind of a simple summary of the Gospel message.
It's alliteration, meaning these three key words that all start with the same letter P. It's not necessarily the best way to remember it, just one way.
that I've shared before, that I'll share with you again.
Because sometimes it's hard to remember first Corinthians 15 and all these verses and all these concepts.
Remember these three key words though.
The first one is a problem, the second one is a provision, and the third is a personal decision.
Problem, provision, personal decision.
What's the problem?
The problem of sin.
And there are passages like Romans chapter three, verse 23,
Romans 3, 23 says, for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.
All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.
And if you've been around a while, you've heard me preach this many, many times, what is sin?
It is not just going out and doing horrible things like robbing a bank or killing somebody or whatever.
Sin is falling short of who God is.
His infinite holiness, His righteousness, it's falling short of what Jesus is like.
It's not just doing bad things, it's not doing all the good things that I know God would want me to do, to be more kind and forgiving and encouraging.
And all the positive things that we think of when we think of Jesus.
Am I like Jesus every day of my, of course not.
I fall short of that every day of my life, that sin.
And then Romans chapter six verse 23 says, the wages of sin is death.
What I deserve for my sin is eternal separation from the almighty, holy, and loving God of the universe.
That's what I deserve.
That's what all of us deserve.
But the free gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ.
And Jesus talked about what is eternal life.
It's not just living forever.
Everybody's going to live forever.
It's not talking about quantity of time.
It's talking about quality of time.
Either we're going to live forever in the loving
Holy presence of God in heaven, or the Bible's clear, we will exist forever in a place of torment, where we will only experience the righteous wrath of Almighty God.
Now, that's not something you hear too often, and quite frankly, to be honest, I probably don't speak up enough about the truth of God in relationship to the reality of eternal separation from Him, for unbelievers.
But it's true.
It's certainly not a popular message in our society today.
And some people scoff at the whole idea of a literal heaven and hell.
But if you believe the Bible, if you take the Bible for what it is, the Word of God, you can't come away with any other conclusion that God is talking about a literal heaven and hell.
And every single person with an eternal soul is going to spend all eternity in one of those two places.
So this is so, excuse me, that's why this is so important.
problem of sin.
We're all falling short of the glory of God.
All of us are deserving of eternal separation from God's loving presence.
All of us deserve that.
That's the problem of sin.
But the provision, the provision of a Savior is where God intervenes.
And God's grace and His mercy and His love.
Romans chapter 5 verse 8, but God demonstrates His love in this while we were still sinners.
Christ died for us.
As I mentioned before, Jesus Christ is the Lamb of God.
He was born to die.
From the very beginning, the Garden of Eden, from Adam and Eve's very first act of disobedience brought sin into the universe.
From the very beginning to the ultimate end when God creates a whole new heaven and earth, all of it revolves around Jesus Christ and his sacrifice on the cross.
For all history before that, all the animal sacrifice in the Old Testament, they were all pointing to the cross.
Why we take communion?
We're gonna, next Sunday, we're serving the communion.
These elements point back to the cross.
All of human history revolves around the death of Jesus Christ, the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross.
He was the provision from God.
Where there's a problem of sin that separates us from God, the wages of sin is death,
But the provision of God is His only Son who died for our sin.
Problem of sin, provision of a Savior, third and crucial step, personal decision.
Everybody's got to make a personal decision.
And in the world today, there have been for thousands of years, have always taught this thing called universalism, which means everybody's going to heaven.
All roads lead to heaven.
Doesn't matter what you believe.
You could be an atheist.
You're still going to heaven.
That's a somewhat common teaching.
It sounds really nice.
I mean, it makes people feel good stuff, but it's not true.
Not everybody's going to heaven.
John 3 16 makes that so clear.
John 3 16, the most well-known Bible verse in the entire world.
Hopefully, we all know it by heart now, but for God so loved the world that he gave his one and only son
that whoever believes in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
The condition of any gift is to personally receive it.
Someone offers you us the greatest gift in the world and we say, ah, no thanks.
We're not gonna enjoy the benefit of that gift.
We have to personally receive it.
So there's the problem of sin, there's a provision of a Savior, but there's a personal decision.
We need to put our faith and trust in Jesus Christ.
And you've heard me say it before, one of the scariest things for a lot of ministers, especially in America, is thinking about people who were literally born into a good church.
I mean, like generationally, their families has always been in a good church.
They've heard the gospel thousands of times, and yet they may perhaps have never personally trusted in Christ.
They think they're like environmental Christians.
They're Christians because of the environment.
doesn't work like that.
God has a personal direct relationship with each and every person, but that only happens when that person puts their faith in trust in Jesus Christ.
Now, we believe that a three or four year old can understand enough to believe in Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior.
Say, well, what if they're younger than that?
Well, I had a sermon on that, but different beliefs, but personally, I believe if there's an age of accountability.
I mean, if you're not even consciously able to process
what the gospel is, or who God is, and respond positively or negatively to the existence of God.
Then you're going to have it, okay, when you die.
I mean, that's just my own personal belief.
There's some scriptures about it.
But once you become consciously able to choose to believe in God or not, and that's a pretty young age, three or four, things start getting the concept of a higher being.
What's their personal decision?
And that's why having kids programs are so important.
We do vacation Bible school.
I appreciate those who help out with vacation Bible school every year.
And those who help with all of our children's ministries, Sunday school, children's church, little three or four year olds.
Sometimes they say, yeah, they're just little kids.
I don't know how many adults I've talked to over the years.
You say, well, when did you first come to faith in Christ?
They can't remember exactly, but they do remember it was very, very young.
Maybe they were blessed to be in a Christian home.
Maybe they went to a vacation Bible school or a Sunday school program somewhere, because somebody took them.
And that's when they first trusted in Christ when they were just three or four years old.
But if we're here today, again, so the question is not how long have you been in church?
Or how much religious stuff do we do?
Do you read your Bible every day?
Do you pray every day?
Do you give?
Do you serve?
Those are all wonderful things for Christians to do.
But that's not how you become a Christian.
We become a Christian through our own personal faith
in Jesus Christ.
Do we believe he's the Son of God?
Do we believe he died for my sin?
And do I believe he was raised from the dead?
Problem of sin, provision of a savior, personal decision.
This is something I've been here almost 10 years, but you know, and I haven't done this very often, and I probably should have done it more often, but when I close in prayer after this message, the all heads bowed and eyes closed.
I'm gonna ask if anybody wants to talk about this
after church, because they're not sure, just to raise their hand.
Without people looking around, this is just private, this is personal, being us and God, but I'm gonna ask you to raise your hand, and I'm gonna look for you, and then after church, if you don't wanna raise your hand, because you're too embarrassed, whatever, that's okay.
But you know, later, today, after we're dismissed, please let me know, or if you have another church leader here that you trust, or have a relationship with, talk to them, and ask them, say, hey,
You know, I'm not sure whether I've been in church all my life or where this is my first time.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is, do I know Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior today.
Okay.
So we're going to close in prayer and I'm going to ask that everybody would please bow your heads, close your eyes.
Everybody right now, everybody just bow our heads, close your eyes.
Nobody is looking around.
Please.
Let's respect everybody's privacy.
Let's just bow our heads, close our eyes, everybody.
Bow our heads, close our eyes.
I'm the only one looking around it right now, okay?
Father God, you know what's in our hearts and you know whether we've been in church, all our lives are not.
You know as we know whether or not we have ever put our faith in trust
in Jesus Christ as our own personal Lord and Savior.
And so right now, if there's anyone here today who's not sure, and you would like to talk about it later today or sometime this week or whenever it's convenient for you, would you just raise your hand right now?
Just slip up your hand for a moment.
Nobody looking around, okay, I see that one hand, all right, you can put your hand out.
Anybody else?
Just slip your hand up for a moment, okay?
Let's continue praying.
Father, if there is someone else who's not sure here this morning, they were uncomfortable about raising their hand.
That's fine.
But Father, I pray that your spirit would work in their heart and their life, cause them to have a curiosity and a concern that would motivate them to talk to somebody as soon as possible.
And Father, perhaps there's someone else here today who has heard the gospel before.
They understand it very well.
And they have just never put their faith and trust in you for whatever reason.
And maybe this would be the day of salvation for them.
Right now, I pray that they would pray that simple prayer in their heart for you.
So not a matter of how eloquent our words are, but to simply express from their heart that they believe that Jesus is your son, that he died for our sin, and that he rose from the dead.
And right now they trust in him as their own Lord and Savior.
Father, if there's someone that's prayed that prayer, we rejoice together.
But I pray that they would pursue what it means to grow in the Christian life.
That becoming a Christian is only the beginning of a whole new relationship with you that involves growth.
That they'll make a church, a church that you will lead them to that will help them to get into your word
to be in prayer, communication with you, and fellowship with other Christians to be involved in ministry and serving others.
And so Father, we thank you for this morning.
We'll give you all the praise and thanks for it in Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.